Stock Archives
[Problem Statement]

Develop a pseudo Full Stack Web Application for Stock Archives. A data dump is provided which contains the stocks related historical data from 2005 - 2016. Your web app should be an archive of historical stocks trading data. Users should be able to view history of desired stock prices for any point in time.

 

[Ideal Behaviour]

On Back End:

— Write a backend which exports APIs with all the data provided in the dump below.

— Get all companies and their historical stock price related data from the provided dump file and store it in the database.

— You have to fetch this stored data based on the requests received from the frontend.


On Front End:

— Your frontend should be able to list all the archived data on the UI.

— Your frontend should be able to query historical data for desired stocks.

— Your frontend should display detailed company and stock info provided in the dump.


[Minimum Requirement]

— Write a backend in tech stack mentioned below which exposes some APIs to render data, which is requested from the frontend.


On Front End:

— Display best performing stocks by default.

— Provide functionality to call stock details by name or ticker(symbol).

— Make an API call and demonstrate details of stocks.


On Back end:

— Store all the data provided in the dump file in your database.

— Render all the requested data over network via REST call.

— Zip all your source code, deployment instructions, screenshots and upload them.



[Extra Work]

Along with everything from the above level:

— Implement a functionality to fetch stock details by name/ticker.

— When clicked on a listed stock, show detailed information about it. With the detailed history of its value fluctuations over time.

— Use your imagination and add features which would make things easier for end users.

— Zip all your source code, deployment instruction, db dump file, screenshots and upload them.



[Guide]

Stock Archives Data dump: http://hck.re/CPKVPp


[Ideal Stack]

Frontend: Angular, React, VueJS

Backend: Java Enterprise, Python - Django, Node - Express, .Net

Db : Mysql, MongoDB, PostgreSQL